# Culture
the customs, arts, social institutions, and achievements of a particular nation, people, or other social group.

Tangible culture
physical artefacts produced, maintained and transmitted intergenerationally in a society.

Intangible culture
‘the practices, representations, expressions, knowledge, skills – 
as well as the instruments, objects, artefacts and cultural spaces associated therewith – that communities, groups and, in some cases, 
individuals recognize as part of their Cultural Heritage’ 

Cultural relativity
the idea that a person's beliefs and practices should be understood based on that person's own culture.

Cultural Universal
the view that the values, concepts, and behaviors characteristic of diverse cultures can be viewed, understood, and judged according to universal standards.

Culture Shock
feelings of uncertainty, confusion, or anxiety that people may experience when moving to a new country or experiencing a new culture or surroundings

Social Analysis
practice of systematically examining a social problem, issue or trend, often with the aim of prompting changes in the situation being analyzed. 

Racism
prejudice, discrimination, or antagonism by an individual, community, or institution against a person or people on the basis of their membership in a particular racial or ethnic group, 
typically one that is a minority or marginalized

Discrimination
the unjust or prejudicial treatment of different categories of people, especially on the grounds of ethnicity, age, sex, or disability.

Prejudice
preconceived opinion that is not based on reason or actual experience.

Stereotypes
characteristics that society instinctively attributes to groups of people to classify them according to age, weight, occupation, skin colour, gender, etc.

Millennium Goals – know all 8.
1. to eliminate extreme poverty and hunger;
2. to achieve global primary education;
3. to empower women and promote gender equality;
4. to reduce child mortality;
5. to promote maternal health;
6. to fight malaria, HIV/AIDS, and other diseases;
7. to promote environmental sustainability; and
8. to develop a universal partnership for development.
Progress in Millennium goals

Poverty

Poverty Dimensions

Global Village

Globalization

Robertson’s three waves of “interconnectedness”

Colonialism

Growing Homogeneity

Growing Diversity

Growing Hybridization
